This quest was quite difficult. I was unsure of my success all throughout the quest as I am not used to tracking. I was able to sussessfuly able to lead the bird away and search through the bird's excrement. When I found him he was passed out due to the smell and quite dehydrated. However he was still alive and I expect him to make a full recovery.
I am sorry to admit I was unable to complete this quest. I am not as young as I used to be and was unable to tie the rope around the stiltbird's legs fast enough.
I was worried when you gave me the quest initially that I would be unable to meet the client's expectations. I remember trying to race up stiltbird legs whith my friends when I was young, however those days are far behind me.
This was no smal task. There were quite a lot of bugs, I got the ones that I could. However I'm unsure if I was able to get all of them.
It was a little odd taking out a vendetta on insects, however thats what the client wanted.
When I arrived to the location, I found the little folk lounging around and eating cheese. I knew that I had no hope of catching them so I had to resort to talking to them. They were originnaly hostile to my presence, but when they realized I did not intend to hurt them the listened to what I wanted to say. I offered to prived them food and housing at my apartment. In return they could help keep my room tidy. I don't spend a lot of time at home, but I do enjoy the company. 
I don't support unjust servitude. 

I found the poor pooch scared hiding in a bush. On our way out of the woods we encountered spaghetti snake which I believe the dog was running from.
I refused the client and roughed him up a little just for suggesting the consumption of noodle dog. My uncle was a long linguine.
I helped the fair lady find houses for all of the dogs. They are quite adorable when they are small. I wanted to take in a few myself, however I'm not home nearly enough, and I am quite too old to be running around with puppies.

I tried to polietly ask the sam-sparrows to leave. However they were very rude and would not listen to what I wantted to say.
I talked to the father. He was very respecful and was appologetic to the unnintended effect he had on the client. He invited me to drink tea and bread with him. It was very good tea. It was nice to talk to a seasoned warrior. 























